Antonii Roh 4:51 AM
Hello,
I'm eager to contribute to your project as a developer well versed in not only Python and React but also C++, particularly for integrating and working with the Ocean library developed by Facebook.
Based on your requirements, here's how I can help you.



First things first, I will explain about my experiences and skills.



- In terms of strong proficiency in C++, given my strong proficiency in C++, I have not only build numerous projects using C++, and I have an extensive experience in C++ development with a strong grasp of modern CPP standards and practices.



- My computer vision and augmented reality experience are also ample.
I have proven track record working on CV and AR applications, including developing algorithms for image processing and object recognition.



- Next, I would like to explain my expertise on each platform.
1. iOS - Proficient in Objective-C and Swift with experience integrating platform-specific challenges.
2. Android - Skilled in Java and Kotlin, with a background in Android SDK and application development.
3. Oculus Quest - Hands-on experience with the Oculus SDK and VR development including performance optimization and user interaction design.



- High-Performance Image Processing, photogrammetry, and rendering ensuring efficient and high-quality outputs.



Second, About Project Approach.



- Integration of Ocean Library:
1. Setup - Initial configuration and integration of the Ocean library with C++ codebase.
2. Development - Implementing core functionalities and ensuring smooth interaction between the library and existing systems.



- MVP Development:
1. Objective - Develop an MVP that showcases the core features and capabilities of the Ocean library in a practical application.
2. Testing - Rigorous testing and debugging o ensure the MVP meets you expectations and performance standards.



- Documentation and Support:
1. Documentation - Detailed documentation of the integration process, code and usage guidelines.
2. Support- Ongoing to address any issues and refine the implementation based on feedback.



I have substantial experience aligns with the requirements for developing similar applications, ensuring a high-1uality outcome for your MVP.
I'm confident that my skills and experience make me a strong candidate for this project, and I look forward to the opportunity to contribute to your development goals.



Please don't hesitate to connect me if you want at any time.

View details
Maxim Todorov 4:51 AM
Привет, в понедельник отправлю ТЗ

Antonii Roh 5:03 AM
👍

Monday, Jul 22
Antonii Roh 4:35 PM
Good morning, Todorov.
today is Monday as promised.
I'm interested in your task and await your technical specifications.
Please contact me whenever you are ready.

Tuesday, Jul 23
Maxim Todorov 12:20 AM
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lKsiVJk2GE1mZZD-bv5DHdzUyDEa7wtA2swaovSTCpM/edit?usp=sharing

Antonii Roh 1:57 AM
Hi Maxim
I just check the PoC for MoE(google doc and video), this idea is fantastic.



Before getting start, I have a question.
I met many clients to build AR product btw they have used OpenCV library for their projects so I skilled in OpenCV.



Could you let me know in detail why you should use ocean library for your project?
It would be very helpful if you give answers to me for that.



No worries, I can start immediately when you hire me.

Antonii Roh 2:59 PM
Good morning, Maxim.
There are so many developers but not so many suitable ones for your task.
I have just finished the analyzing about your task completely.
Just give me a ring as soon as you possible.
I always ready...

Wednesday, Jul 24
Maxim Todorov 6:53 AM
that's what need to be used

https://facebookresearch.github.io/ocean/

Ocean
it's new library

Antonii Roh 8:07 AM
Make sense. Could you let me know the deadline for this project?

Antonii Roh 8:15 AM
I have seen your upwork profile so I knew you are senior full stack web developer and designer.
As a AI & App developer, I can help with you if you have such jobs.



I do hope to work with you with good relationship.

Maxim Todorov 11:11 PM
Hi

We don't have a strict deadline here, we need to get PoC
if there is any part that looks hard we can remove it

Antonii Roh 11:34 PM
Okay, if you hire me, I will build that source and proof your idea with my passion.

Maxim Todorov created a Zoom meeting

 11:46 PM

The meeting ended (Duration: 00:00)

Share feedback about the call quality
Do you have 5 minutes to talk?

no camera, just fast syncup

Antonii Roh 11:48 PM
Okay, just give me 5 or 10 mins.

Antonii Roh 11:57 PM
Please send me the meeting link again.

Thursday, Jul 25
Maxim Todorov 7:40 AM
I am sorry, I missed the time
let's do around 1pm ET tomorrow

Antonii Roh 10:52 AM
👌 👍

Maxim Todorov 7:04 PM
are you ready?

Antonii Roh 7:08 PM
Yes, I am ready...

Please give me your google meeting link.

Antonii Roh 7:24 PM
are u there, Maxim?

Maxim Todorov 8:13 PM
I am here

Monday, Jul 29
Maxim Todorov 7:26 PM
Are you still interested in the project?

Antonii Roh 7:41 PM
Hi, maxim.

Of course I am.

Antonii Roh 7:48 PM
TO this day, your project is still in mine.

Please don't hesitate to tell me your thinking.

Tuesday, Jul 30
Maxim Todorov 11:45 PM
Great

so you have seen the documentation and our google doc

can we try to build small mvp?

Can we start from this small part



Loading and Rendering the Model
Using the Ocean Framework, I'll load the MoE 3D model and set up the scene, including camera positioning and lighting. If no ones speaks for a certain amount of time, Moe dissapears.



just to make sure we can work together